think it's important to note here that I
regard Free Will as a kind of emergent
simplicity
when people say that Free Will isn't
possible because the laws of physics
always already mandate what is going to
happen in the universe in other words
everything is already determined it
simply ignores the fact that there is
such a thing as really existing emergent
phenomena
so we cannot escape from the fact that
the laws of physics govern all things
that happen in the universe but that
doesn't mean that you can't have higher
order simplicity
things like people making choices
and so this is my attempt to explain
Free Will in terms of this higher level
simple structure so again you can look
up Brett Hall
emergence and free will